where are we headed to guys can tell oh
cool
yeah here at my for I better I better be
able to take a picture in his garage
nice yeah and I need to see you as we
look shelf I need to see all of his
books so I can get knowledge that's
Kelly weather I just I can't even with
it it's too perfect
it's perfect
politics all
first of all what is your name what do
you do
I want to highlight your outfit
you know it's not
you guys shooting whether we should man
in with the sony a7s monitor an extra
battery minor you of these floating
around with our bread
yeah
and I'm here with Sarah just enjoying
the party so we have here's a dress it's
a chargeable bracelet so pretty much if
you ever leave the house you need your
charger always on your red
microUSB iPhone
my feet hurt my feet hurt entire party I
was in heels and I was standing the
entire time and just say something super
clutch I timed a post mate and my uber
to arrive at my hotel at the same exact
time so clutch so let's talk about the
party the party was really good honestly
um usually when you watch like Tai
Lopez's snapchats or any of his stuff
it's just a bunch of like models and
chicks and bikinis to each their own
but the party that he had was wasn't
cool like it was really great and I met
a lot of amazing people it was actually
I made a lot of connections that I think
are going to be beneficial to my youtube
channel just the life as a whole in
general California weather is not fair
lovely evening with lovely friends
lovely new friends it was what also you
should be proud of me I didn't postmates
Chipotle I got like an LA place so it
should be good food but why everyone
always gives me a hard time when I go to
different places in each Bowl you know
you're gonna get what you get and that's
to hold light which is delicious
do you guys have a great day speech okay